Guangzhou Song's Guozhou Knight Kid
Now all four of our families are here
You come down from above and get out
Live another two hours
After the award ceremony is over
You're about to disappear, I see
You only have two hours
Mysterious Dragon, if it weren't for tonight
For the sake of the one from Genting Heaven Palace
You are already dead
Better get off the stage.
If I don't die
Get out now
Wait for the one above to come
I see what confidence you have in this outfit
If it weren't for your award ceremony, it would have started long ago
Xue Zhilong
What's the point of holding on like this now?
All four families have spoken
It's not your place to say
What are you?
Miss, could you read it wrong?
What does this kid think?
Not like the people who helped us in the first place
Although he clamored for a long time
But nothing came of it.
No, he's the one.
My eyes can't be wrong
Boy, get off the stage quickly
Otherwise, we will be really rude to you.
What are you doing?
Why not?
I think you only dare to raise the dog and bark again, right?